[Music]
in 17th century japan
bai han an assassin of the lin kuei clan
attacks and kills hanzo hasashi along
with his family
the only survivor is hanzo's infant
daughter who was taken away by an elder
god named lord raiden
the protector of earth realm in the
present day the forces of outworld have
won nine consecutive mortal combat
tournaments with just one more victory
needed in the next tournament to conquer
earth realm
outworld sorcerer and second in command
of emperor shao khan
shang sung orders his warriors molina
reiko
natara and kabul to seek out and
eliminate her threlam's champions
kubera dragonmark in order to ensure
that earth realm has no
chance in the upcoming tournament cole
young a former mma fighter and a bearer
of the dragon mark
is attacked by bai han now going by the
code name sub-zero
cole and his wife and daughter are
rescued by special forces major jax
who also has a dragon mark jax tells
cole to seek out his partner sonia blade
while he stays behind to fend off
sub-zero
in the process sub-zero incapacitates
jax by shattering his arms
cole meets sonia at her hideout where he
finds out about the history of the
mortal kombat and learns that the dragon
mark can be transferred by killing its
bearer
sonia has captured kano an australian
mercenary of the black dragon clan
who had previously killed a champion
with the dragon mark
which had moved onto kano's body sonia
however does not have the mark the
hideout is attacked by a reptilian
creature which kano kills by ripping its
heart out
cole sonja and kano travel to raiden's
temple
which has traditionally been the
training ground for earthrealm's
warriors
they are met there by xiaolin warriors
lu kong and his partner kung lao and
also encounter raiden himself
they also find jax there who now has a
set of inadequate mechanical arms
raiden reveals to cole that he is a
descendant of hanzo hasashi
through hanzo's daughter and that he can
use hanzo's rope dart to reawaken the
ancient ninja
blue kong and kung lao explain that
every earth realm warrior with a dragon
mark has a special power known as an
arcana
such as liu kang's ability to conjure
fire
therefore the warriors at the temple
must find and awaken their arcanas if
they are to stand a chance in mortal
combat
while kano awakens his arcana coal is
unable to do so
realizing that coal would be vulnerable
for outworld's forces
he allows him to leave despite the
champion's concerns
shang tsung and his warriors attempts to
assault the temple but raiden conjures
an energy shield to keep them out
kabul being a former rival of kano
persuades the latter to defect and lower
the shield
shang tsung's warriors attack killing
kung lao and trapping sonia under rubble
jax's arcana awakens powering up his
arms
and giving him the opportunity to save
sonia cole is attacked by outworld
champion guro
when cole's wife and daughter are
threatened by the forearm brute
his arcane awakens giving him a suit of
armor and a set of tanfas
with his newfound arcana cole kills guro
and rejoins the others at the temple
cole proposes splitting up outworlds
warriors and taking them out
individually
agreeing to the plan raiden transports
her threlam's champions to each of out
world's warriors
and her thrill spiders kill their
opponents in one-on-one battles
sonia kills kano during this process and
gains his dragon mark
awakening her own arcana the ability to
fire purple effigy blasts
outworld's remaining fighter sub-zero
abducts cole's family and goads him into
a fight
cole is initially overpowered by
sub-zero until his blood touches hanzo's
rope dart
hanzo is resurrected as the undead ninja
scorpion and
with cole's assistance battles sub-zero
and kills him
scorpion then departs back to the nether
realm thanking cole for bringing him
back
while the battle is won shang tsung
declares that he is undeterred by these
setbacks and that the mortal combat
tournament will proceed as expected
raiden orders or threlms warriors to
find more champions to fight in the
tournament and help defend earth realm
meanwhile cole sets off for los angeles
to recruit hollywood superstar johnny
cage